and I said it was everything beauty you guys
Well, I came to speak to you here today.
our dear dragon fears the crossing
of the program to use and at the same time the
crossing of our beloved dragon people
without his kika here the role of greater
Spotlight
yes of our dear bring a people
That's also what I have to say.
on them is a very simple thing
there are some people say the following they
were made by the dragon's cross
legendary with the dragon
Legendary webira hirata tapirapé gave to bring
a people everything more than others say
get by the witch's box
but we know it 's a lie in the
maximum may appear a business
here you can get lotta or
huh
which you probably have a bug
something happens otherwise
this dragon will only be achieved by
event, and these two dragons already
achieved by the event
classic that our classic event of the
our beloved classic event that I
I have shown and is in the description of this video
for you
this event that I'm talking about then
you can track down as that
this event was repeated by the
Third time what we would not like
it's still do not have you can
Got it's beauty, this is it, folks.
the video was more to show for
You really take this doubt out.
show you that you only have this
way to get what you want for
event they are unique to the event
and I hope you have enjoyed
withdrawal
I do not know if I'll buy this
I think I 'm not going to buy the
central valentine here i'm going to miss this
Dragon who knows forward
Got it, it's not that
A big hug to all of you guys.
said and even one more angry video
or if you had it here on the channel
repeating and do not forget your support
is the biggest fuel for our channel
So if you liked this video in
help by clicking below in liked
If you did not like this video click on
down where it shows right at this moment
and if you want more videos and know
everything that rolls here on the channel
be sure to click on sign up for
accompany us with a big hug to everyone
the six and until the new video here of the channel
repeating